OK since now we have access to these allies this list of cars we can make something something better
if I type forward which is get the list of this.
So we're going to do something else right here.
And since we want to have a link for each car item so we can click the link click the car and it's going
to take us to a new screen.
We need to import link from re-act router.
So I'm going to go right here and just let me just bring this down and I'm going to say import and we're
going to bring link just like before it can say Lenk from and then just react.
Router Dom Burguet Let's get now what we going to do.
We're going to create something else right here.
We're going to leave the current item but begin to do more things.
So first we need to make this element to be a link because whenever we click it it's going to take us
to that to a new section.
So I'm going to send a link right next.
It's going to be do or specify that two.
Now the thing is that whenever we click on this we need to go to the local host dash car's dash and
the I.D. of the of the car so we can have a need to use something else right here.
I'm going to do this and I'm going to use curly braces since we want to just create a template string
right here.
I'm going to need to do batiks right.
So the first one is going to be cars.
It's going to be inside cars.
And the second one is going to be the ID since we have access to the to the car.
Id like to just do a sign and then it's going to be car dot I.D..
All right that's good.
Now it's the Whenever we have a list inside the map.
If we don't use a key re-act is going to just let us know.
Do you need to put a key.
So are we going to do that right now.
I'm going to say key and since we have an ID for each car I'm going to say car dot ID that's fine.
So OK.
So what we can have is going to be an image in the left side and then just the data of the car in the
right side.
So I'm going to go right here.
I'm going to create a div and this div is going to have a class name of left right and then the next
one is going to be again a div and you can have a class name or right makes sense class name.
Right.
OK.
So now inside here inside the left you can have an image.
Now as a resource to this section I've added an image folder just just in folder with some images for
each car.
So you will need to download it and you need to put it put it inside the public folder right here and
then begin to make a reference to that folder right here.
So OK I think we need we need an image.
I'm going to say EMG and then Source equals to something and then just close the close the image symbols
that right.
So now here we need to put the path we need to specify the path to this to this image.
So again we're going to use template strings I'm going to do it just like that to use the curly braces.
OK.
We're going to use biotech's and inside the back text.
The image is going to be inside images then for Slash and then we need the name of the image.
If I go to the DVD that Jason right here at the bottom of it right here you can see that I just added
the name of the image so we can just call the image and that would be it.
So I'm going to go to list of course I'm going to say car dot and then image and it's going to bring
the image Breguet.
OK so now inside here it closes.
I'm going to go back now I'm going to bring the names.
Just the model and the brand of the car so we can have something right here.
So the first one is going to be kind of a title.
So it's going to be in 8:04 and we can call the car and then do the model.
You can do that.
And then we're going to output the the brand.
But it's going to be kind of a smaller so I'm going to do an H six for this and we're going to call
brand brand that's fun.
OK.
Let's see what happens if I type Ford.
Now it's really ugly.
We're going to get some styling right now in a minute.
But you know it works.
And if I click on it it's going to take us to the idea of the car.
Good.
So that's working right.
That's some style to this because this is really really really ugly.
I'm going to go to the CSX.
We have the the CSSA right here inside the APS-C assassin site the source folder.
And it just closed all right here.
So I'm going to go right here at the bottom and I'm going to add some styles so we can have a car item
and for each car item we're going to add some styles to it.
I'm going to say this one the car is going to be display and it's going to be flexible going to make
use of flex because it's really nice.
You're going to have a border and the border is going to be one pixel solid.
And then just light gray the way.
Very good.
Next thing we're going to add some margin to it.
So it's going to be 10 pixels pixels.
Very good.
It's a very real page.
Well actually we don't need it.
It's injecting everything right here.
So you look sort of looks good everything it's just like it should.
Now we need to do something else which is just to keep out the Starling's for the left side and then
the right side.
OK.
So I'm going to say I'm going to call this car item we have right here and it just makes some space
and then just call the left the left it's going to be wood of 100 pixels just something real simple.
And then inside the left you can have an image.
So I'm going to select this and make a reference to the image.
Very good.
OK.
In the width of this it's going to be the size of the container.
So it's going to be 100 pixels.
OK.
That looks nice.
OK so what else what do we have.
We have to style the right side.
So we're going to go right here at the bottom and I'm going to call.
I'm going to call this car item again.
Make reference to that class and then daunts and then right.
So this one is going to be a flex growth of one.
And then we're going to begin at Simpang and the panning is going to be 10 pixels.
Right.
So what else do we have the 8:04 and the 8 6 decks.
OK so we're going to make reference to that Skar item then ride and then 8:04 and we're going to share
the tiles.
So I'm going to call the 8:4 and then make reference to the age 6.
Ok so what I want is to add a margin of zero pixels.
Let's get OK let's reload the page and see what happens.
If I type forward OK.
That's nice.
Looks nice not what I'm aiming for.
Let's see why you're not getting styles.
You have the Mustang.
It's going to be an 84.
You know you're not getting any of these titles for the 8:04.
That's good.
Now that's fine.
You're you can live it like this now just to save time is just an for going out.
There we go.
So OK.
So we have the list and if you click on the list we go someplace that's fine.
So let's go to the next section and start creating the car detail and you know it's going to get interesting
because we can and we did this already with the re-act redux just displaying a list from the redux state.
But the thing is that we need to change the things a little bit whenever we go to the next section.
So let's go to the next next video.
The next lecture and start creating the detail of the car.